Python output variables.
The print function can be used to output variables.
Let's take a look at this example.
X is an str.
We use print to output this variable.
In case of multiple variables we need to separate them by a comma.
Like here we have three variables.
Between each variable we add a comma.
Let's execute the first and the second example in PyCharm.
First example I execute the select code.
This is the output of the variable x.
In the second example, just I delete this part.
In the second example, this is the output of three variables between each variable there are in space.
Why?
Because in the definition of the print function, in case of multiple values, there are space a default
space between each variable.
Separate string inserted between values.
Default space.
We can update this behavior.
For example, I add more than one space.
I execute again.
And this is the difference between the first output and the second output.
Here there are more one space.
Just I delete this separator.
I execute again I will continue with the default behavior.
Another way to output multiple variable is by using the plus operator.
Here the plus operator is used to output these three variables.
And let's try to execute this example.
This is the output, but all the variable.
There is no space between each variable.
Why?
Because in because print function considered this three variable as a first as only one variable, and
there is no space between each variable.
In case of one variable, we need to add some space for the first and the second variable to have the
same result as the standard function print, like we see here.
This is the output via the plus operator, but in the.
In this case, all the variable are string.
In case of the variable are numbers like int float.
The result.
It will be different because the plus operator operator.
It will work as a mathematical operator.
And here in this example the result it will be the sum of these two variables.
Here we have x.
Take the value five, y take ten and the sum is 15.
What will be the result if I use the plus operator with two different variables?
For example, x is an integer and y is a string.
Let's execute that.
Oops.
Python give an error.
Why?
Because the plus operator.
It doesn't work with different data type.
What will be the the solution for this case?
Just I comment the code.
In this case we need to use print and separate the two variable with a commas.
And this is the the good result with no any problems.